Adds the ability to use a proxy, Closes #2698 (#4679)
pnp/cli-microsoft365: docs/docs/user-guide/using-proxy-url.md

> # Configure CLI for Microsoft 365 to use Proxy

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Configure CLI for Microsoft 365 to use a proxy
```

> If you are behind a corporate proxy, you may need to configure the CLI for Microsoft 365 to use a proxy server to access Microsoft 365 services. You can configure a proxy URL using the [cli config set](/docs/docs/cmd/cli/config/config-set.md) command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are behind a corporate proxy, you'll have to configure CLI for Microsoft 365 to use a proxy server to access Microsoft 365 services. You can configure a proxy URL using the [cli config set](/docs/docs/cmd/cli/config/config-set.md) command.
```

## Understanding Proxy URL

Before configuring the proxy, it's important to understand the different parts of a proxy URL. A proxy URL typically consists of the following elements:

> - **Protocol**: The protocol used by the proxy server, such as HTTP, HTTPS, or SOCKS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **protocol**: The protocol used by the proxy server, such as `HTTP`, `HTTPS`, or `SOCKS`
```

> - **Username and Password**: If the proxy server requires authentication, you will need to provide a username and password.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **username and password**: if the proxy server requires authentication, you will need to provide a username and password
```

> - **Host**: The hostname or IP address of the proxy server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **host**: the hostname or IP address of the proxy server
```

> - **Port number**: The port number on which the proxy server is listening. Defaults to 80 when not provided.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **port number**: the port number on which the proxy server is listening. Defaults to 80 when not provided
```

> - **Port number**: The port number on which the proxy server is listening. Defaults to 80 when not provided.

Reviewer: Shouldn't it be 80 for http and 443 for https?

Author: Correct!

## Configuring Proxy URL

> To configure CLI for Microsoft 365 to use a proxy, you need to execute the m365 cli config set command with the following syntax:

Reviewer: Let's add an empty line here to properly separate the heading from the paragraph.

> To configure CLI for Microsoft 365 to use a proxy, you need to execute the m365 cli config set command with the following syntax:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To configure CLI for Microsoft 365 to use a proxy, you need to execute the `m365 cli config set` command with the following syntax:
```
